Once installation of GBM Data Tools and GBM Data Tools with Basemap is done. Our next step would be installing the Jupyter Notebook or Jupyter Lab, to start the analysis.
But, there are instances when we are caught with the error of DIED KERNEL. This means that any cell you will run, it will act as running an empty cell.
Or, another possibility is you are caught with the error mentioned in the file: "Create Jupyter Lab error".

So, to fix this we have to perform certain steps and and after each step, try re-running the Jupyter Lab and run the commands mentioned in the error file. 
If it gives the same error then proceed to next step.

Step-1
Upgrade numpy: Update your numpy package to the latest version. You can use the following command to upgrade numpy using pip:
pip install --upgrade numpy

Alternatively, if you are using conda, you can run the following command:
conda update numpy

Step-2
Run the following command in your Jupyter Notebook or Jupyter Lab:
!pip install --upgrade astropy

After the update is complete, restart the Jupyter kernel and try importing the packages again.

Step-3
Run the following command in your Jupyter Notebook or Jupyter Lab:
!pip install --upgrade numpy

After the update is complete, restart the Jupyter kernel and try importing the packages again. 

Step-4
Run the following commands in your Jupyter Notebook or Jupyter Lab. To reinstall both packages:
!pip uninstall -y astropy
!pip uninstall -y healpy

!pip install astropy
!pip install healpy

After the reinstallation is complete, restart the Jupyter kernel and try importing the packages again. 
If it gives the error below, then try Step-5:
ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'astropy.time'

Step-5
The error message suggests that the astropy.time module is not found. This could be due to an incomplete installation of the astropy package.
To resolve this issue, let's reinstall the astropy package using the following command:
!pip uninstall -y astropy
!pip install astropy

After reinstalling astropy, restart the Jupyter kernel and try importing the gbm package again. 

I think, this should resolve the issue.
